Human ecosystem can be conceptualized as a state which is continuously updating to maximize its survival and growth in its environment (ref. reinforcement learning).  Any state change has positive and negative effects both in short term and longer term. It's possible that the long-term effect is opposite to the short term one. With this logic, any technological leap can be considered as a major state change with substantial effects in human ecosystem. So, it is very important that we thoroughly investigate both sides of effects of the state change. However, generally we tend to (or we are trained to) believe that technology-backed state change are positive. I guess this is due to our innate intellectual curiosity, immense promised value creation, corporate greed, etc. Even if the future look bright with the state change in short-term, however, in long-term it can turn out to be very detrimental to the human ecosystem, so much that it might be the sole reason for it's extinction. For example, similar thing is happening in AI. I am not saying AI is deterministically bad for us but I insist we need to be very careful and investigate both sides of the story before we gear towards making this large state change.


Prof. Radziszowski is a Polish-American mathematician and computer scientist and he is best known for his work in Ramsey theory. He received his PhD from the Institute of Informatics of the University of Warsaw. Currently, he is a professor of computer science at Rochester Institute of Technology. His research focuses in combinatorial computing. He has published over a hundred  papers in the field of graph theory, Ramsey theory, block designs, number theory, and computational complexity. He determined the Ramsey number R(4,5)=25 in collaboration with Brendan McKay. His survey of Ramsey numbers is a standard reference on the subject.

 OSO is the incentive that ensures researchers provide quality intellectual contributions and  the platform operates organically. 

 